allow ansi color (#5000)
Textualize/textual: questions/why-no-ansi-themes.question.md

Textual has a design system which guarantees apps will be readable on all platforms and terminals, and produces better results than ANSI colors.

There is currently a light and dark version of the design system, but more are planned. It will also be possible for users to customize the source colors on a per-app or per-system basis. This means that in the future you will be able to modify the core colors to blend in with your chosen terminal theme.

!!! Changed in 0.80.0

>   Textual added a `ansi_colors` boolean to App. If you set this to `True`, then Textual will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Textual added an `ansi_color` boolean to App. If you set this to `True`, then Textual will
```
